[docs] Make customizing links in expo router more findable (#34953)
expo/expo: docs/pages/linking/overview.mdx

- `Link` component from Expo Router can be used to [handle URL schemes to other apps](/linking/into-other-apps/#expo-router)
- Android App Links and iOS Universal Links require configuring runtime routing in JavaScript for the link in your app. Using Expo Router, you don't have to configure runtime routing separately since deep links for all routes are automatically enabled.

> - You can still customize linking behavior when using Expo Router, overriding the default behavior for some or all links. see [Customizing links](/router/advanced/native-intent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For third-party deep links, you can override the default linking behavior to handle incoming links and send navigation events. See [Customizing links](/router/advanced/native-intent).
```

- Let's update the verbiage to reference the use cases of native intent instead of just mentioning that overriding the default linking behavior is possible when using Expo Router.
- Fix typo in the last sentence.

Author: _Way_ better 💯. Nice job!
